Barack Hussein Obama II (US i / b ə ˈ r ɑː k h uː ˈ s eɪ n ɵ ˈ b ɑː m ə /, born August 4, 1961) is the 44th and current President of the United States ...
During Barack Obama's campaign for president and in the years following his election, many conspiracy theories have been circulated, falsely asserting that ...
In June, the Obama campaign released a digitally scanned image of his birth certificate to quell speculative charges that he might not be a natural-born ...
Ex-Hawaii health official says she has "no doubt" President Obama was born in Honolulu; Obama in 2008 produced a certification of live birth, a legally ...
Claim: Barack Obama does not qualify as a natural-born citizen of the U.S. because his mother was too young. Status: False. Example: [Collected via e-mail ...
Someone is lying. According to Obama's Kenyan (paternal) grandmother, as well as his half-brother and half-sister, Barack Hussein Obama was born in Kenya,...
Michelle Obama, First Lady of the United States, was born Michael LaVaughn Robinson in Chicago, Illinois on January 17th, 1964. He was the second son born ...
But, so far, at least, I have not heard of any plans for so much as a plaque to be installed in the hospital in which the next president was born. Do you ...
Yahoo! News had to issue a correction Friday after publishing an article about President Barack Obama that called Kenya “the country of his birth.” The ...
Donald Trump on Monday again espoused a "birther"-style suspicion regarding whether President Obama was born in the United States, telling Fox News he was ...
Best Answer: As many have pointed out, Barack Obama was born in Hawaii. HOWEVER even if he was born in Kenya, Iraq, Cuba, Canada, England, China, Argentina ...
President Barack Obama has led on issues that matter throughout his career—from community organizing in Chicago, to the Senate and now as President of the
Barack Obama is the 44th and current president of the United States, and the first African American to serve as U.S. president. First elected to the presidency in ...
Presidential candidate Mitt Romney on Tuesday rejected the notion that President Obama was not born in the United States, emphasizing that "I think the citizenship ...
Best Answer: No, he was born in Hawaii. ... John McCain was NOT born in the United States, but, hey, anyone can RUN for President. If the Republicans take ...
Barack Obama Was Born in Hawaii - Free download as PDF File (.pdf), Text file (.txt) or read online for free. A comprehensive index of twenty-six documents ...
Evidence that Barack Obama was born in Kenya and that his birth certificate is a forgery. Kenyan citizenship documents of Barack Obama show that Barack Obama is not a ...
Barack Obama was born to a white American mother, Ann Dunham, and a black Kenyan father, Barack Obama Sr., who were both young college students at the University of ...
Obama’s campaign has given the names of two different Hawaiian hospitals where he was supposed to have been born (Kapiolani Medical Center and Queens ...
Horoscope and astrology data of Barack Obama born on 4 August 1961 Honolulu, Hawaii, with biography
As President Obama faces harsh criticism for his handling of the Islamic terrorist attack in Paris, a review of his personal statements about religion ...
Barack Hussein Obama II was born August 4, 1961 at 7:24 p.m. in Honolulu, Oahu, Hawaii. His long form original birth certificate was released on April 27th, 2011.
Obama - 'I Was Born In Kenya' Video A Fake Exclusive to Rense.com By Devvy 10-12-10 There is a very popular video purporting to show Obama/Soetoro/Dunham - or ...
New CBS News/NYT survey shows quarter of Americans, including 45 percent of Republicans, incorrectly think Obama was born outside U.S.
Explore the life of Michelle Obama, the 44th first lady and wife of President Barack Obama. Learn more at Biography.com.
Check out the biography of President Barack Obama. Jump to navigation. the WHITE HOUSE President Barack Obama ... President Obama was born in Hawaii on August 4, 1961.
The Vetting – Exclusive – Obama’s Literary Agent in 1991 Booklet: ‘Born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii’
A literary agent’s promotional text for a 1991 brochure released yesterday by Breitbart.com states Obama was “born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii.”
British Intelligence Advisor Barrister Michael Shrimpton reported Obama's purported mom was not pregnant in 1961 and that Obama was born in Kenya in 1960.
Birtherism is apparently alive and kicking in Alabama. Dean Young, one of the runoff contenders for the Republican nomination in Alabama's first ...
Barack Obama was still 'Kenyan born' in 2007 according to his literary agency...two months after announcing his bid for the U.S presidency. Online archive ...
Barrack Obama, born Barry Soetoro, has been all but forthcoming about his national origin and religious background. This video aims to clear up those discrepancies ...
The 44th President of the United States, President Barack Obama, II, was born on Friday, August 4, 1961 at 7:24 PM in Hawaii to Barack Obama, Sr. and Ann Dunham Obama.
WND: Barack Obama Was Not Born In America Or Even At All Maybe. by Kaili Joy Gray. Aug 08 11:11 am 2014.
Interestingly, in Snopes’ entry focusing on the natural-born citizenship controversy, no mention is made of the birth hospital. But Snopes is not alone ...
Hawaii Was Not a State When Obama was Born There and his Mother Was Not Eligible to Give Birth to a U.S. Citizen-Fiction!
Since President Obama’s campaign in 2008, a growing number of Americans have raised questions regarding Obama’s birthplace and whether he is indeed ...
Even if Barack Obama were born in Kenya (which I don't believe to be the case) the president still would have been a U.S. citizen at birth, because his ...
Q: Has a “smoking gun” been found to prove Obama was not born a U.S. citizen? Did he attend Occidental College on a scholarship for foreign students?
Breitbart.com has introduced some explosive evidence showing that Obama claimed he was born in Kenya years before he became a presidential candidate. Inter
Check out the biography of President Barack Obama. Jump to navigation. the WHITE HOUSE President ... President Obama was born in Hawaii on August 4, 1961.
Friday, Jul 24, 2009 12:45 AM UTC No, Obama’s grandmother didn’t say he was born in Kenya Another one of the birther myths hits the ...
President Barack H. Obama, II was born in Kapi'olani Maternity and Gynecological Hospital in Honolulu, on Oahu Island, Hawaii, at 7:24 PM on Friday, August 4, 1961.
Kenyans are telling American missionaries that President Barack Hussein Obama was born in their country. Whether you share Donald Trump’s skepticism on Obama’s ...
HONOLULU -- A new CNN investigation reveals what most analysts have been saying since the "birther" controversy erupted during the 2008 presidential campaign: Obama ...
Trump: Obama born in Kenya. Comments By ALEXANDER BURNS | 5/25/12 11:31 AM EDT. Donald ... He said he was born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia ...
In a shocking finding, more than half of GOP primary voters believe President Barack Obama was not born in the United States, according to a new poll ...
Lucas Daniel Smith letter to United States Congress. 4th of July 2010. 3 I paid a total of three monetary bribes in the amounts of (in chronological order) $200 USD,
The organizing techniques in which Obama was trained increasingly seemed to him inadequate to the social ills that Roseland faced. So Obama proposed ...
Was it in Kenya? Was it in Canada? Was it at home in Hawaii, attested to by one parent? No. It seems President Obama was born exactly where we always thought he was ...